c:\documents and settings\arquiteto\meus documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\NHibernate_Spring_NET\TESTAPROJETO\bin\Debug\TESTAPROJETO.exe
c:\documents and settings\arquiteto\meus documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\NHibernate_Spring_NET\TESTAPROJETO\bin\Debug\TESTAPROJETO.pdb
c:\documents and settings\arquiteto\meus documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\NHibernate_Spring_NET\TESTAPROJETO\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\documents and settings\arquiteto\meus documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\NHibernate_Spring_NET\TESTAPROJETO\obj\x86\Debug\TESTAPROJETO.exe
c:\documents and settings\arquiteto\meus documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\NHibernate_Spring_NET\TESTAPROJETO\obj\x86\Debug\TESTAPROJETO.pdb
c:\documents and settings\arquiteto\meus documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\NHibernate_Spring_NET\TESTAPROJETO\bin\Debug\DAL.dll
c:\documents and settings\arquiteto\meus documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\NHibernate_Spring_NET\TESTAPROJETO\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.dll
c:\documents and settings\arquiteto\meus documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\NHibernate_Spring_NET\TESTAPROJETO\bin\Debug\NHibernate.dll
c:\documents and settings\arquiteto\meus documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\NHibernate_Spring_NET\TESTAPROJETO\bin\Debug\DAL.pdb
c:\documents and settings\arquiteto\meus documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\NHibernate_Spring_NET\TESTAPROJETO\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.pdb
c:\documents and settings\arquiteto\meus documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\NHibernate_Spring_NET\TESTAPROJETO\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.xml
c:\documents and settings\arquiteto\meus documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\NHibernate_Spring_NET\TESTAPROJETO\bin\Debug\NHibernate.pdb
c:\documents and settings\arquiteto\meus documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\NHibernate_Spring_NET\TESTAPROJETO\bin\Debug\NHibernate.xml
c:\documents and settings\arquiteto\meus documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\NHibernate_Spring_NET\TESTAPROJETO\bin\Debug\hibernate.cfg.xml
c:\documents and settings\arquiteto\meus documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\NHibernate_Spring_NET\TESTAPROJETO\bin\Debug\TESTAPROJETO.exe.config
c:\documents and settings\arquiteto\meus documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\NHibernate_Spring_NET\TESTAPROJETO\bin\Debug\Spring.Aop.dll
c:\documents and settings\arquiteto\meus documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\NHibernate_Spring_NET\TESTAPROJETO\bin\Debug\Spring.Core.dll
c:\documents and settings\arquiteto\meus documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\NHibernate_Spring_NET\TESTAPROJETO\bin\Debug\Spring.Data.dll
c:\documents and settings\arquiteto\meus documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\NHibernate_Spring_NET\TESTAPROJETO\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.dll
c:\documents and settings\arquiteto\meus documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\NHibernate_Spring_NET\TESTAPROJETO\bin\Debug\Spring.Aop.pdb
c:\documents and settings\arquiteto\meus documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\NHibernate_Spring_NET\TESTAPROJETO\bin\Debug\Spring.Aop.xml
c:\documents and settings\arquiteto\meus documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\NHibernate_Spring_NET\TESTAPROJETO\bin\Debug\Spring.Core.pdb
c:\documents and settings\arquiteto\meus documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\NHibernate_Spring_NET\TESTAPROJETO\bin\Debug\Spring.Core.xml
c:\documents and settings\arquiteto\meus documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\NHibernate_Spring_NET\TESTAPROJETO\bin\Debug\Spring.Data.pdb
c:\documents and settings\arquiteto\meus documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\NHibernate_Spring_NET\TESTAPROJETO\bin\Debug\Spring.Data.xml
